Wiki - WS Language update and Enricher ToolIds (#2669)
foundryvtt/dnd5e: wiki/Modifying-Your-Game-with-Scripts.md

# Examples
Scripts rely on Hooks to automatically execute, see [Hooks](Hooks.md) for system specific Hooks that you can use, or the [Foundry API](https://foundryvtt.com/api/modules/hookEvents.html) for Hooks provided by the Core Foundry Software.  

> The examples below modify different aspects of the dnd5e system's datamodel, to explore this datamodel to see what you can modify, open the Console with F12 and type in `CONFIG.DND5E` then hit Enter.  

Reviewer: 'system configuration' or just 'system config' is probably a better term than 'datamodel', which is something that handles document data.

});
```

## Modify Languages 
### Add a language  

> "Cool Speech" will be available at the top level (with Druidic and Theives' Cant), "Super Common" will appear under the Standard category, and "Uncommon" will appear under the Exotic category.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Cool Speech" language will be available at the top level (with Druidic and Thieves' Cant), "Super Common" will appear under the Standard category, and "Uncommon" will appear under the Exotic category.
```

```js
Hooks.once("init", () => {
    CONFIG.DND5E.languages.coolspeech = "Cool Speech";
    CONFIG.DND5E.languages.standard.children.supercommon = "Super Common";
    CONFIG.DND5E.languages.exotic.children.uncommon = "Uncommon";
});
```

### Add languages with children to the Standard or Exotic language families  
"Gibberish" will be a subfamily of the Standard language family with child languages "High Gibberish" and "Gibberish", and "Nonsense" will be a subfamily of the Exotic language family with child languages "Old Nonsense" and "New Nonsense".  
```js
Hooks.once("setup", () => {
    CONFIG.DND5E.languages.standard.children.gibberish = {
        label: "Gibberish",
        children: {
            gibberish: "Gibberish",
            highgibberish: "High Gibberish"
        }
    },
    CONFIG.DND5E.languages.exotic.children.nonsense = {
        label: "Nonsense",
        children: {
            oldnonsense: "Old Nonsense",
            newnonsense: "New Nonsense"
        }
    }
});
```
### Delete languages
```js

> Hooks.once("init", function () {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks.once("init", () => {
```
It's not that it matters, but might as well stick to one way of doing it.
